and I thought I'd make a whole-grain
mustard sauce in a knob of butter so
from one large slot half a star oh nice
a couple of cardamom pods and a bay leaf
once they've all softened add four
tablespoons of white wine vinegar and
reduce by three-quarters add six
tablespoons of chicken stock bring to
the boil and reduce by half add two
tablespoons of single cream and simmer
add 100 grams of butter season with salt
and pepper
and finally at one or two tablespoons of
whole-grain mustard the sauce made the
gravies made the pork still lovely and
hot but nicely rested its time of course
to cook the curly kale I'm just going to
cook this in boiling salted water just
for a few minutes until if it's lovely
and tender so let's put the leaves
straight in and make sure that it's
underneath the water there now look at
the change of color immediately look you
can see the leaves there the beautiful
rich green that they're going to give
you and with that of course they're
going to give you a really wonderful
flavor so I'm just going to lift this
into a colander just to drain off the
excess water now of course we're just
going to season this up let's just give
that a little stir just gently and maybe
just a little knob of butter like that
to work into it as well now it's time to
serve the dish
now look at these onions underneath I
just want to show you that look at the
rich flavor they've picked up from the
pan so you can just imagine eating one
of these is going to be so nice so
there's the onion and now the pork and
there's four good portions here this
belly of pork was about one kilo so
there's plenty there for four people and
now we're hopefully going to hear a nice
crunch you can immediately see
texturally what's happening here that is
so succulent so you have this lovely
piece of pork
and now of course some curly kale to go
with it
and to finish spoonful of our mustard
butter sauce just tripping over leaves
it's rich gravy maybe just starting to
spoon it over the onion so it starts to
absorb all of that flavor and you're
left here on the plate with slowly
roasted pork belly with warm mustard
seed curly kale
you